it's free if someone charges if your
competition charges someone 99 and
you're zero
even if you're not as good where people
are going to gravitate towards
the zero who doesn't love free maybe
it's because I'm Indian that I love free
stuff but free is legit
ladies and gentlemen Make some noise for
Neil
let's go baby let's do it
[Music]
how are you guys all doing today
awesome
well today I'm going to be talking
I already forgot the title of my
presentation I'm waiting for them to
pull it up
I talk so often I just got back from Rio
and now here I get a break for a week
and then I think I'm on the road again
for two months all right so today I'm
talking about 10 marketing hacks that'll
help you get more traffic and build a
personal brand you guys ready for this
[Music]
so I assume because of the name of the
event everyone's here is looking to
build wealth right
don't go buy a fancy car that's tip
number one I'm kidding
um so my name is Neil Patel I'm a
co-founder of an ad agency called NP
digital created a few other software
companies have a ton of awards they
don't really mean much other than the
tactics the strategies really work I
wouldn't have these Awards if they
didn't work you get what I mean right so
when I break down some of the hacks for
you guys today just keep in mind they're
tested and they work
so we have roughly 750 employees 60 plus
clients around the world we're in a lot
of different countries we have a lot of
awards we created a company this is my
latest startup we went from
zero to over a hundred million dollars
in less than five years
um we didn't put much Capital into it I
think I spent around maybe five million
dollars of my own money into the
business
we went on the Inc 500 list on our first
year as number 21 out of 5 000. my team
was really excited I told them 21 is a
useless number unless you're playing
Blackjack 21 isn't number one I'm super
competitive
but it works and I did a lot of this
through personal branding
and I believe that is the new way to
really build a business in which getting
traffic to your website is fine but if
you really build a personal brand you
can build an amazing business look at
Ryan everyone knows who Ryan is right
this is his event raise your hand if you
know who Ryan is I'm assuming that's a
yes that's everyone all right so a lot
of his business came also from his
personal brand
I think of it as a new way to do
marketing
men got just acquired by T-Mobile for
1.3 billion dollars I think that's
including earn out that's a shitload of
money you think Ryan Reynolds is making
1.3 billion dollars a year acting
no
but men sold mainly because of Ryan's
brand before Ryan wasn't the founder of
mint there was mint mobile they did a
deal with Ryan Reynolds and got him a
cup of the company and then it exploded
and he's not the only one you guys
familiar with this person here
Kylie Jenner Kylie Cosmetics never tried
one of her products never bought it but
she's made a lot of money and then
there's articles that said oh Kylie's
not really a billionaire who gives a
crap she's made a shitload of money
either way stop trying to knock her what
other 20 something year old made all
that money did they no like I don't
understand why people hate over silly
things whether she made a billion or a
half a billion good for her people
should be happy for her success instead
of hating on it you know I'm a little
bit of the opposite when I was a little
kid and I was watching American Idol and
I would laugh at someone singing my mom
would scold me never make fun of people
never be cruel
respect them per try so never hate when
other people are succeeding one of the
best lessons my mom taught me
now when you look at mint and you look
at Kylie Jenner they're both in the
consumer space are you guys all there
and consumers some of you guys beat a
Beat
how many here B2B raise your hand
all right not that many of you the stuff
I'm giving today works for B to C and
B2B my business my latest one at least
is the Ad Agency that's B2B you agree
with me right I'm selling to other
companies
and this is one of our later offers
during uh
this bad economy the offers were better
during a good economy but 515 million
dollars for the company that's less than
five years old in a bad economy not that
bad right it just shows personal
branding works
and I don't I'm not that popular
I only have 408 000 followers on
Instagram I'm looking at these numbers
right now because I don't even log into
my Instagram I'm just being super honest
495 on LinkedIn a million on Facebook
but I bet you there's no engagement on
Facebook so the million probably doesn't
mean much 445
000 on Twitter I don't even know my
Twitter password
1.15 on YouTube and I didn't know I had
a tick tock account but I got 85 000 on
tick tock
all right technically I really did know
I had a tick tock account my team told
me like three four months ago like yeah
you can do this on tick tock and I'm
like I gotta tick tock I don't even have
the app on my phone I really don't even
know my login is or even my Tick Tock
email address don't try to hack into my
Tick Tock though I still want it
but that just shows if I was able to
build up a 515 million dollar company in
a bad economy right go back to the offer
515 and we've had a lot of offers and
some much better than this during the
good economy but we're not really in a
good economy anymore
and I'm in B2B
and Kylie Jenner and Ryan Reynolds did
it in b2c it works for pretty much any
industry you guys agree with this
all right so let's go over how you can
build the following and get more traffic
to your site and I'm going to give you
test 10 hacks to do so so we're going to
go through this rapid fire number one
ranking at the top of YouTube YouTube is
great it's the second most popular
search engine you know what the first
most popular search engine is
you also know who owns YouTube
that's right so they're the number one
and number two most popular search
engine in the world so how do you rank
on the top of YouTube so everyone can
see you hear about your business and buy
your products and services
a lot of traffic to the traffic to our
site that we get from YouTube we don't
really do ads this is just people coming
to our site from YouTube and we follow
this simple strategy so right when we
post a video on YouTube in the first 24
hours we push the video really hard we
send out an emo blast text our friends
tell them to leave a comment you know
all that good stuff
and what we find is YouTube's algorithm
is the opposite of Google
when someone is super or someone
releases a video and does super well in
the first 24 hours it starts ranking at
the top right away Google's algorithm it
can take a year two years a long time to
get your rankings YouTube you can get
your rankings in 24 or 48 Hours one week
for super competitive terms
so that's all you have to do on YouTube
of course you need to create good
content but seriously if you create good
content and you don't push hard in the
first 24 hours you won't do as well
hack number two give away free tools you
can be in the mortgage industry you can
give away a mortgage calculator that's
example of a free tool
right there's tools for every industry
real estate tons of tools car tons of
tools clothing tons of tools but the
clothing people want to create those 360
degree views oh look at this sweater
here's how you look turn around and put
in your face
so we give away a free marketing tool
called ubersuggest it teaches you how to
get more traffic whether you want
traffic to your website or more keywords
to figure out for social media we just
keep giving away more and more and you
guys can check it out for free and just
use the crap out of it sure there's some
paid plans but 90 plus percent of the
tool is free
it's super effective we've had 36
million users over five years that's 7.2
million users per year anyone want to
guess how much we spend on Advertising
zero why does it work so well
it's free if someone charges if your
competition charges someone 99 and
you're zero
even if you're not as good where people
are going to gravitate towards
the zero who doesn't love free maybe
it's because I'm Indian that I love free
stuff but
Free's legit
so we repeated the formula there was
this other tool called answer the public
it was for sale we bought it last
February for 8.6 million bucks people
thought we overpaid for it it was a free
tool technically they had a 99 plan we
made it more free gave away more stuff
and we really exploded the growth in the
tool as you can see in the traffic
because the more free we made it the
more popular it became
and it's from all over the world even
places like Brazil I don't know how to
speak Portuguese
I barely can speak English
but it's done really well eight point
eighteen point eight million users over
five years 3.7 million users per year
and it's been growing since we bought it
secret give away what people are paying
for that's it it's that simple go find
what they're paying for that there isn't
a free option or the free options suck
and make yours better
for example
if you want to go do that
most people believe that you need to end
up building it and spending a lot of
money
what we do is we go and we find either a
someone who has a tool that already
charges for and they barely make any
money because there's a lot of those on
the internet and we go and we buy them
you don't have to spend 8.6 million like
us that was stupid
you can literally buy some of these
things for five grand one gram 500 bucks
or you can go to
sitesitecodecanyon.net and you can buy
these tools for 10 15 20 50 bucks
and you can put your own logo on them
and put them on your own website again
it's codecanyon.net
and I don't know who owns that site but
it's they have tools in every sector for
less than 100 bucks now it's not as good
as you building your own tool or finding
something else that people are paying
for making it for free but it's better
than nothing
so you guys get on hack number two
all right
and you can also see tools like HubSpot
they give away free CRM to go after
Salesforce the last time I checked their
stock prices I think it's roughly a 20
billion dollar company not bad right
free tools and everyone knows canva
free tools canvas free for so long hey
canva has paid plans and I don't even
know when they ask you to pay that's how
free it is
hack number three going viral on
LinkedIn and tick tock
tick tock's amazing trust me I don't
know my username and password but I know
it's amazing because it's so popular
so here's a quick way to go popular on
either LinkedIn or Tick Tock and it's a
simple strategy
see with LinkedIn there's this company
that did a study it's called omnicore
agency less than one percent of LinkedIn
users create and share content
but here's the key on LinkedIn just
because you create content doesn't mean
you're going to go viral
on the flip side if your content has a
ton of comments in the first four hours
specifically four hours your content on
LinkedIn will go super viral
and it has to be engaging content it
can't be like cool tip well no one cares
that you left a comment that says cool
tip
but check this out there's I don't I
can't see too far back in the room
because there's just so many lights
but there must be hundreds of you maybe
a thousand of you let's go with 500.
turn to your left turn to your right and
turn to the people behind you get their
LinkedIn user info and tell them hey
when I post something cool on LinkedIn
if you like it comment on it I'll text
you if you don't like it
you know you don't have to comment
but then tell them if you post
don't worry I'll comment for you no
matter what then you know you know
you're guilt-tripping them they're gonna
they're gonna post a comment either way
I wish I could do that with my children
does not work with children
but in the first four hours if they
leave it detailed good comments such as
like oh yeah that is a good way to get a
mortgage but if you also try this
mortgage tip
oh yeah that one's amazing and then
other people leave their mortgage tips
or their real estate tips
and that's what makes the content
explode because those comments are
engaging they're not just like nice
posts
nice post comments are useless they
don't do anything for you Tick Tock same
thing but it doesn't have to be done in
the first four hours
I created a video or more so I spoke at
an event and when I was speaking at the
event I talked to them about hey
podcasting isn't as competitive as
blogging there's over a billion blogs
you know around the web and there's less
than 10 million podcasts and someone
left a comment saying Neil you're an
idiot you're totally wrong podcasting is
more competitive than blogging there's
more podcasts than blogs it was
something like that
and I didn't argue with them and I
didn't leave a comment because one at
that time I didn't know I had a tick
tock and two I didn't have my login
information I still don't so there's no
way I can log in and argue with them in
the first place
but other people kept arguing with them
and it started blowing up and then I
realized huh comments are the key to
tick tock I had my team do way more
tests with this and we started getting
way more engagement on Tick Tock and a
lot of our clients did as well so get
people to leave engaging comments it
doesn't even have to be in the first
four hours but the sooner
they leave those comments when the
videos publish the bar off you're going
to be
and again try within the first four
hours but it doesn't have to be that way
you guys good on that hack
all right hack number four ranking
higher on Google who here wants more
Google traffic
all right everyone even though everyone
didn't raise their hand
so I rang for a lot of stuff on Google I
don't know why my team screenshotted
Google secrets
I rank for things like online marketing
and digital marketing a lot of these
terms on page one of Google some of them
really high up at the top
and there's a strategy that works super
super well on Google
so the secret to Google is Brands rank
higher like if you look at Nike and the
shoe industry more people are Googling
Nike than shoes that's kind of crazy to
think about this is worldwide I
understand shoes is different meanings
in different languages like Zapatos for
Spanish I grew up in SoCal I know my
Spanish
there you go
now my parents would be like now say
that in your own language and I'm like
no I can't do that
but as you can see shoes is really
popular and so is Nike more than six
million people in just the United States
type in Nike
I remember my niece or my nephew more so
when he was growing up for Christmas he
told his mom he needed Nike shoes his
mom asked why you wanna take a guess on
why he said he needed Nike shoes
because it'll make him run faster no
joke
That's The Power of Brandy
my wife tried to explain to him how that
was not true I was like that's good
branding there
and then when his mom started rebuttling
him on why you know he doesn't need Nike
shoes he went to his mom he's like Mom
just do it
I was like damn straight just do it and
I was there and she's like you're not
helping with this at the time I didn't
have kids she's like trust me you don't
want to interfere you don't need to
interfere when you have kids and I still
interfered and now she interferes with
my kids
I learned that lesson the hard way all
right so the point of the story is
Brands rank higher the reason Brands
rank higher on places like Google is
because they know they're less likely to
create fake news other than CNN they
said I was running for Senator because
most the images when you Google Neil
Patel are my images and there was a
Senator named Neil Patel that was
running for or there was a guy named
Neil Patel somewhere in the United
States running for Senate or something
and I got a call from my mom and dad
saying Neil you're running for a senator
I'm like no they're like I see your
image on CNN right now and I'm like well
that's not me and they're like no it's
you I see you on CNN don't lie to your
mom and dad and I'm like no I'm not
lying I'm not running for Senator but
typically brands are less likely to
create fake news other than that CNN
incident
so if you just take your personal brand
or corporate brand you're everywhere
from social media to having your team
talk about you on LinkedIn to talking
about the corporate name just being on
social media all the time 24 7 and
posting daily and you can post the same
content on all the channels that are
most of the content all the channels
it'll help really grow your brand
good on that hack
all right hack number five how to
generate 81.39 more Facebook engagement
trust me we all need this because our
algorithm sucks compared to what it used
to be and we do a lot of tests and
Analysis we found that video content
over five minutes performs better even
though everyone's about these short form
videos we found that the longer form
videos are performing better on
corporate fan pages so what we ended up
doing
is we analyzed 939 company pages and we
found the same thing 81.39 better
engagement we didn't look at mine
because one profile isn't enough
but with 939 profiles we found enough
data so create longer content easy hack
right
all right hack number six a simple way
to get more Instagram followers everyone
wants to be more popular on Instagram
yeah why not
so according to earthweb Instagram has
seen a 17.6 decrease in users creating
live content that means the less people
are going live
and eighty percent of users prefer live
content over let's say reading a blog
post according to growatoid live video
expected to grow 15 times from what it
was last year
so if live video is expected to grow
live video is like a better version of
Keeping Up with the Kardashians maybe
not a better version but it's a similar
version
so if it's expected to grow 5 or 15x and
Instagram is seeing a decrease in live
video what do you think you need to do
that's right create a live video now if
you do it twice a week what you'll find
is you'll get more followers and you'll
get more engagement so then when you
post your normal content on Instagram
it'll perform better but here's the
trick make sure when you go live
it's good quality content that's the
first if it's not good quality content
just going live for the sake of it
doesn't work the second thing that you
need to do is go live with other members
so your followers see them and their
followers see you so for example before
wealthcon Ryan's like his team reached
out to me saying hey can we go live I
said sure
and I texted Ryan and Ryan's like all
right we're going to go live this time
we did it so when we're going live my
followers are seeing Ryan
and his followers are seeing me
and that's causing both their profiles
to also grow so again turn to your left
turn to your right
go live with your new Buddies
and if you don't like them turn to the
behind and find someone else in the room
because there's a lot of you guys
seriously do this twice a week with
random people there's enough of you guys
in here you'll start doing better
good on that one yes hack number seven
how to collect 200 000 emails a month
without ads remember we talked about
those tools
right like giving away free tools
what we started testing is if you want
to keep using our tools like exporting
your images of the tools or getting more
using it like three times we make you
register so if someone is actually not
even three times if someone uses our
tool more than like two times in a day
we make them register to keep using it
for free to use it more for free
and it's worked out really well we even
make the login sign in with Google or
continue with Google which makes it
super efficient because they just click
a button and then boom you got more
email addresses
and this work check out this graph
before we integrated our tools and after
that's kind of crazy right
roughly 10 000 subscribers a day versus
two thousand weekends are always lower
see I'm in B2B I always tell my wife she
was always asked what do you want for
Christmas
or she'll ask what do you want for your
birthday make a wish and always tell her
I wish there was no weekends or Fridays
because my graphs go down on Fridays and
weekends
hack number eight so you guys good with
that with your free tools make them
register if they keep using it for free
hack number eight easiest way to rank on
Google
all right so it's competitive to rank on
Google anyone who tells you otherwise is
is lying
but here's an interesting stat did you
know that 15 of the searches on Google
are new searches for new keywords have
never been searched before
like just think about that there's
billions and billions of searches
happening on Google but every day 15 of
them are brand new and never been
searched before and in other words they
weren't searched last year or even 10
years ago or 20 years they're brand new
searches that no one has ever searched
before and it's the first time Google
has having someone type in those
keywords
see and what people do is they focus on
these orange dots they go after the same
competitive keywords that everyone else
is already targeting instead of going
after the blue ones that aren't
competitive
so what's the easiest way to get traffic
you go after the blue ones and use
searches right
but there's a problem
if no one's searching them how do you
figure out these blue searches right
because no one searched these keywords
you got to figure out which Boons to go
after and you don't want to go after the
blue one that's only been searched once
and is never going to get searched again
because then you ain't gonna get any
traffic
so there's this tool
that I bought last February called
answer the public free tool by the way
you shouldn't you don't need to pay
and if it has a paywall then you can
still do a lot for free so again you
don't need to pay
it tells you what Search terms are brand
new that people are just starting to
type in that are becoming popular and
those are the ones you want to go after
you can type in anything Real Estate Los
Angeles real estate mortgages whatever
it'll tell you everything that is new
and hot right now within that country or
language that's how you got through
those terms and you can rank really high
by just creating content around those
terms like blog posts and if you don't
want to write them there's this thing
that everyone's talking about have you
heard of chat gbt
it can write content for you or you can
use a free one called ubersys AI Rider
which we also released
but here's a kicker the AI won't write
the best content for you so just go in
there and modify yourself and Spruce it
up and make it a little bit better all
right
hack number nine
how to get your followers and visitors
to buy from you this is the easiest one
if you guys don't do this one you're
making a huge mistake
so when I started off
in the world of marketing you're talking
about I'm 37 now I feel old because when
I pick up my kids sometimes I blow my
back I don't understand how
but I'm getting old my wife is now over
30 so she's starting to feel my pain too
and when I first started it wasn't
really social media there was blogging
and when someone left a comment you
respond it's kind of rude
if I asked if someone asks you a
question and you don't respond to them
that's kind of rude right
it's disrespectful so you be play you
respond to comments same with social
media people leave all these comments no
one wants to respond to them
so back in the day 20 years ago when I
started in marketing I would respond to
everyone because it was a polite thing
to do
and then over the years I built up all
these relationships with people I've
never met
you know there was Albert who came on
before me
and he's like yeah we've been
communicating on Instagram
but it was my team who responded to it
he still responded he's smart he's just
like I don't know if it was you or your
team but built that relationship you
should respond if you don't have the
time have people respond I still log in
every once in a while and I respond to
people or when people emailing asking
questions like oh we don't have money to
hire a company but we have all these
questions I actually sit down and I
respond I just found out this new hack
I'm not the most tech savvy person on my
phone on the Gmail app there's this
microphone button and I can click it and
I can just talk and it types out the
email for me coolest thing ever
I started responding while I was at the
airport like walking from terminal to
terminal I was like oh yeah you can do
this and this to get more traffic here's
where your rankings drop for your
wedding business and I'm like oh this is
awesome and they're so happy I was doing
this for free but respond and help
people out and then when you sell stuff
you'll be shocked on how many people buy
from you because not only you help them
but you've built up that relationship
that's the key to getting that sale
that's why when Kylie Jenner says buy my
makeup you know who she is you've built
that relationship you're much more
likely to buy
and it generates us a lot of leads
here's how many leads we get a month in
the B2B world now we used to collect a
lot of leads here that we're
highlighting with the laser pointer and
it's dropped because we started
collecting leads in places like Italy
and France where we don't have any
employees yet and then I gotta pay to
store all these leads and I don't like
spending money if I don't need to spend
that money so I cut it all down and at
least throw the leads we need to but as
you can see it works hack number 10 how
to make your landing pages convert
better by up to 50 that's a high number
wouldn't you like more conversions when
you drive people from Instagram or
YouTube or Google or anywhere you need
people to convert right
so it's crazy how many landing pages we
have but most of them aren't optimized
and we have this checklist and we took a
lot of it from Salesforce Salesforce did
a study and they said these 27 elements
converted the best so we took it all put
it in a PDF you can actually get it free
I don't think you have to even give your
information scan the QR code it'll break
down everything you need to have a high
converting landing page
all right you guys done taking the
images so I can move on to the next
slide I'll show you some of them I still
see some of you guys with phones don't
worry if you miss them you turn to your
left turns to right you ask your buddy
but here's here's some of them like
virtual product tours give them 10
reasons to buy have a ratings like star
ratings like four and a half Stars five
stars let buyers leave reviews these are
all things this works for both B2B and B
to C testimonials countdown timers all
27 of them work they're battle tested
Salesforce is a big company everyone's
heard of them even if you don't use
their product they own things like Slack
try them out you'll get more conversions
so here's a quick recap of the hacks you
take a screenshot or uh the team here
has my slides you can bug someone here
and they can just forward you the slides
and that's pretty much it it's now your
turn there's over 20 multi-millionaires
or millionaires in the United States
which is the most out of any country
now it's your turn to become a
millionaire if you already are I wish
you guys the best of luck and I know you
guys are going to succeed thank you